CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to LinuxJoyful

We welcome contributions to LinuxJoyful! By contributing, you help make this project better for everyone. Here are some guidelines to help you get started:

## How to Contribute

1. **Fork the repository**: Click the "Fork" button at the top right of the repository page to create a copy of the repository on your GitHub account.

2. **Clone your fork**: Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/LinuxJoyful.git
    cd LinuxJoyful
    ```

3. **Create a new branch**: Create a new branch for your changes.
    ```bash
    git checkout -b my-new-feature
    ```

4. **Make your changes**: Make your changes to the codebase.

5. **Commit your changes**: Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message.
    ```bash
    git add .
    git commit -m "Add new feature"
    ```

6. **Push your changes**: Push your changes to your forked repository.
    ```bash
    git push origin my-new-feature
    ```

7. **Create a pull request**: Go to the original repository and create a pull request from your forked repository.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Reporting Issues

If you find a bug or have a feature request, please create an issue on the [Issues](https://github.com/nolecram/LinuxJoyful/issues) page.

Thank you for contributing!

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md and README.md for improved contribution guidelines and usage instructions; enhance programs.sh with additional fun commands.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to LinuxJoyful

We welcome contributions to LinuxJoyful! By contributing, you help make this project better for everyone. Here are some guidelines to help you get started:

## How to Contribute

1. **Fork the repository**: Click the "Fork" button at the top right of the repository page to create a copy of the repository on your GitHub account.

2. **Clone your fork**: Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/LinuxJoyful.git
    cd LinuxJoyful
    ```

3. **Create a new branch**: Create a new branch for your changes.
    ```bash
    git checkout -b my-new-feature
    ```

4. **Make your changes**: Make your changes to the codebase.

5. **Test your changes**: Run the interactive script to ensure your changes work as expected.
    ```bash
    bash programs.sh
    ```

6. **Commit your changes**: Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message.
    ```bash
    git add .
    git commit -m "Add new feature"
    ```

7. **Push your changes**: Push your changes to your forked repository.
    ```bash
    git push origin my-new-feature
    ```

8. **Create a pull request**: Go to the original repository and create a pull request from your forked repository.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Reporting Issues

If you find a bug or have a feature request, please create an issue on the [Issues](https://github.com/nolecram/LinuxJoyful/issues) page.

Thank you for contributing!
